hi folks today I wanted to talk to you a
little bit about discrimination now
recently I joined a gym near my house I
live about a mile away from it and it
just opened up about two weeks ago they
had a special if you join by November
20th you can sign up for a basic
membership with the start-up costs and
the fee to go the annual fee it's only
forty dollars now after that it's only
ten dollars a month which sounds like a
really good membership it is a gym
without any frills it doesn't have like
a sauna or a hot tub at least get my
location in Syracuse New York but you
know it has a lot of equipment and it's
pretty close to me inconvenient so I
went in to join now the other day when I
went in to join I noticed as I was
signing the paperwork to just finalize
my signing up for the gym they actually
had a sign on the wall with a dress code
now the dress code specifically banned a
few different items one of them being
jeans sandals do-rags bandanas and
school caps now the jeans and the
sandals I can kind of understand because
jeans are very flexible I mean I guess
if you really wanted to work out in
jeans if you were something that was
baggy or you know had a little give to
it then I guess that fine but it's not
really practical so that's not really a
big deal with the sandals I can
understand why they don't want sandals
because someone might drop a weight on
their foot break their foot and at least
with a shoe that have some protection
not much but a little bit so that could
be a liability thing just like in
commercial kitchens all employees have
to wear closed toed shoes for that
reason so if they drop something or a
knife on their foot they won't you know
cause as serious of an injury but
anyways the other three items kind of
puzzle me a little bit now the first one
was a bandana now as you folks probably
know this is kind of one of your basic
bandanas this is you know you some
people call them handkerchiefs and
whatnot and you just wear them on your
head you tie them around like this and
you know kind of pull back you can tie
it and it serves several functions when
you go to the gym it keeps the hair
out of your face and keeps the sweat out
of your eyes you know all around it's a
pretty convenient little item to have
can't wear that planet fitness the other
item is a do-rag now do-rags you see
people wear sometimes it looks kind of
like pantyhose it's a kind of a thin
material like that often it you know
it's actually made specifically for the
head with a little tie in the back or
some people that you know don't want to
buy that or have pantyhose at home you
can just use some pantyhose like this
just you know put it on your head you
can just kind of tie it around and
you've got you know your your basic
do-rag here keeps your hair in place
keeps the sweat out of your eyes and it
breathes because it well pantyhose
material it's it's all around a pretty
good thing then the last thing is a
skullcap now there are a few different
kinds of skull caps out there this one I
have myself which was referenced at this
gym I joined here's a skull cap you know
different religious groups wear them
Muslims where skull caps Orthodox very
observant Jews wear skull caps there are
different Eastern religions where people
wear a skullcap or something similar to
this and they to you know serve a
function besides the religious purpose
they actually are really good at you
know just keeping the head warm it's not
something that's gonna you know be
outside in freezing temperatures but you
know it keeps the bald head like mine
warm and it gives enough air flowing
through through all these little holes
to let it breathe so it's a pretty good
thing to to be wearing well anyway is
that planet fitness they don't allow
these things now I asked them why they
didn't allow them they told me that it
was because of gangs they were worried
about you know with the bandanas like
gang activity flagging for different
things and in some ways I can understand
that if you were in an area where there
was a lot of gang activity and maybe
certain colors you know which